# Team-Programming-DIT092
The course is a part of the Software Engineering and Management program at Gothenburg University and Chalmers University of Technology.

The course introduces the students the concepts and practices of software development projects. The course has two general themes: (1) the importance of product, project, and people management; (2) the process of creating software, the skill of programming and working together as a team towards a common goal. The purpose of this course is to give the students an introduction to the project management area and the tools and techniques used to manage software development projects. The course introduces the students to the human element and discusses people, personalities and dynamics and the way in which they have an impact on IT projects. Areas such as cost estimation, risk management, and project evaluation are also discussed. Along the second general theme, students work in groups to create a software prototype and relevant documentation from a conceptual idea and specification. During the project the student is presented to a software development process to give the student a basic understanding of fundamental phases like analysis, design, implementation and test. The project part is organized as group work, enabling the student to practice and develop their skills to collaborate, communicate and take responsibility in project groups. The project is realistic, based on a customer’s need of an application. The project requires the student to organize their work efficiently.
